---
date: 2024-09-20
title: "1010"
tags:
  - week
---

Well... motivation hit again, this time a bit harder than usual

## What is this?

The average person lives till ~78, that's around 4070 weeks, which is not much if you look at it this way. I think a week is the perfect amount of time to measure your life in, it's not too short that you don't see its value "I still have 14350 days" and it's not too long that you don't feel its urgency. A thousand is just about the sweet spot for you to imagine the actual time you have, and what you will see is, it's not much.

Out of these 3060 weeks I have left - which is almost the best case scenario, unless Brian Johnson makes a breakthrough - I will spend  1020 sleeping, which leaves me with 2040 weeks to do something useful.

*And do something useful I will*

## Plans, once again

There are a bunch of things I want to work on this semester, I will try to post about them as much as possible here.

### RCB

A.K.A Really Cool roBot, if you check my previous post on it you can see the hand I made, for the next step I want to make a simple gripper and get into machine learning and object detection, later I really want to try out doing some reinforcement learning like what Disney did with [this cute robot](https://youtu.be/7_LW7u-nk6Q).

### Physics

In addition to my classes one of my goal is to study physics independently, I just find it really interesting. I'm not planning on anything serious, I will just be replacing my casual reading time with physics textbooks.


That's it, wish me luck.
