---
date: 2024-10-04
title: "1012"
draft: true
tags:
  - week
  - university
math: true
description: Starting 3rd semester
---

First week this semester has been really good, the courses are much more interesting than last year.

## Micro controllers Programming

I'm not sure if this is just my professor but apparently you can abbreviate micro controllers with $\mu c$, that's new.

The course material is really interesting, and it's something I've been wanting to get into for a long time but never actually got to it, now I have to. We will be programming a PIC micro controller and learning how to integrate it with other components, this is a 5th semester course which is building on the fact that you are already familiar with analog circuits, which I'm not, yet.

## Analog Electronics *and lab-2*

This one is also really fun so far, it's electric circuits with extra steps, the professor is also nice too, he runs a lab in our university called [M² Lab](https://m2lab.com.tr/), I will try to get in.

As for the lab we will be analyzing circuits and then testing them live and comparing results, I made a $\LaTeX$ template for the lab reports instead of the word document the assistant was sharing with us and it looks much nicer now.

## Rate Yildiz?

Work shall continue, I will be pulling all the teachers' info from [Avesis](https://avesis.yildiz.edu.tr/) into a JSON then I will import it to the database. I'm also considering making the whole thing opensource too.

## [Social](/soc)

New section in the website, check it out. Also this website should be live on github at [thesusian/thesusian.com](https://github.com/thesusian/thesusian.com).
